Add error handling docs (#39)
layer0-docs/layer0-docs: guides/routing.md

  })
```

> # Recovering from upstream errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Handling Errors
```

> This example shows how to recover from upstream errors. This can be used to alter the `statusCode` and `response` on the edge before issuing a response to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the router's `catch` method to return specific content when the request results in an error status (For example, a 500). Using `catch`, you can also alter the `statusCode` and `response` on the edge before issuing a response to the user.
```
